feat(github): support unprefixed App Installation Token (#16174)
renovatebot/renovate: lib/modules/platform/github/index.md

It needs to have the user id _and_ the username followed by the `users.noreply.`-domain of either github.com or the GitHub Enterprise Server.
A way to get the user id of a GitHub app is to [query the user API](https://docs.github.com/en/rest/reference/users#get-a-user) at `api.github.com/user/self-hosted-renovate[bot]` (github.com) or `github.enterprise.com/api/v3/uer/self-hosted-renovate[bot]` (GitHub Enterprise Server).

**`token:"ghs_123exampletoken"`**

The token needs to be a [GitHub App Installation token](https://docs.github.com/en/developers/apps/building-github-apps/authenticating-with-github-apps#authenticating-as-an-installation).

> Previously, the token had to be prefixed with `x-access-token`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, the token had to be prefixed with `x-access-token:`.
```

> While a prefixed token still works, it's recommended to move away from it as its support might be removed in the future.

Reviewer 2: is it still possible to have non `ghs_...` token?
i though the install token are short lived?
maybe on GitHub enterprise?

Reviewer: It's always now `ghs_` except on some older GHE

Author: @viceice is there anything you would like to see changed regarding the wording?

Reviewer 2: maybe something like: only use that prefix for old enterprise token (fill version)

It needs to have the user id _and_ the username followed by the `users.noreply.`-domain of either github.com or the GitHub Enterprise Server.
A way to get the user id of a GitHub app is to [query the user API](https://docs.github.com/en/rest/reference/users#get-a-user) at `api.github.com/user/self-hosted-renovate[bot]` (github.com) or `github.enterprise.com/api/v3/uer/self-hosted-renovate[bot]` (GitHub Enterprise Server).

**`token:"ghs_123exampletoken"`**

> The token needs to be a [GitHub App Installation token](https://docs.github.com/en/developers/apps/building-github-apps/authenticating-with-github-apps#authenticating-as-an-installation).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You must use a [GitHub App Installation token](https://docs.github.com/en/developers/apps/building-github-apps/authenticating-with-github-apps#authenticating-as-an-installation).
```

Use `must` to tell our users to do something. 😉

Previously, the token had to be prefixed with `x-access-token:`.

> While a prefixed token would still work, it's highly recommended to move away from it as its support will be removed in the future.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
We recommend you replace any prefixed tokens with normal tokens.
We will drop support for prefixed tokens in the future.
```

Let's be clear about:

- who recommends things
- who decides to drop features

I think the answer to both is `we`, as Renovate maintainers?

> Tokens starting with `ghs_` should not be prefixed, only tokens from GitHub Enterprise Server releases older than `3.2` need to be prefixed.

Reviewer 3: This sentence is hard to understand. I think we should explain:

1. Who this sentence applies to
2. What versions this applies to
3. What you should do

How about something like this?

> If you're on a GitHub Enterprise Server _before_ version `3.2` then you must add a prefix to any token that starts with `ghs_`.

Author: > If you're on a GitHub Enterprise Server before version 3.2 then you must add a prefix to any token that starts with ghs_.

As far as I'm aware, tokens generated on GitHub Enterprise Server versions older than `3.2` do not start with `ghs_`. Tokens starting with `ghs_` do not need to be prefixed.
I would propose two alternatives:

> If you are on GitHub Enterprise Server before version 3.2 then you must add the `x-access-token:` prefix to the token.

or

> Any tokens that do not start with `ghs_` (for example tokens from GitHub Enterprise Server versions before version `3.2.`) must be prefixed with `x-access-token:`.

The second alternative is worded a little bit more general. What do you think @HonkingGoose ?

Reviewer 3: Let's go with the second alternative. 😉
